>> Mike North: So we're going
to create some familiar looking
utilities built around a dictionary type.
Has anyone here used map and
reduce on raise?
Show of hands.
Awesome, everybody.
So we're gonna build map and
reduce for dictionaries and
we're going to define a dictionary type.
So here's an example.
We have a file extensions
dictionary on the right
we would say this is a dictionary
of string arrays, and
we want to iterate over the values for
talking about mapping.
We want to produce a dictionary with
the same keys but with transformed values.
So we would get something like
what we see in the bottom right.
So maybe we're building like a open
file dialogue where we wanna list all of
the extensions looks like jpegs and
html files have multiple
extensions that are valid.
>> Mike North: And we're going to use
our knowledge of type parameters so
that this should work neatly
with an arbitrary dictionary.
Where we can operate on things
that have types that we don't
know the details about,
but using type parameters,
we can still abstract all of that away,
operate on these data structures, and
give our consumers back the high-fidelity
types that they can then carry on and use.
So this is in the challenges
slash dict folder